Codebook
========================================================
Column Name  |	Column Description	|	Column Data Type
----------------------------	|	----------------------------	|	---------------------
subject_ID	|	Subject ID within the group of 30 volunteers that perform the experiment	|	Alphanumeric
activity_name	|	"The name of the activity being perfomed: WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, 
LAYING"	|	Alphanumeric
avg(tBodyAcc_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAcc_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAcc_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAccMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerkMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_mean_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_mean_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_mean_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyAccJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyGyroMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyGyroMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyGyroJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAcc_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAcc_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAcc_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAcc_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerk_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyro_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerk_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(tGravityAccMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of GravityAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyAccJerkMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroMag	|	Numeric
avg(tBodyGyroJerkMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyroJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAcc_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAcc along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccJerk_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccJerk along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_stddev_X)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the X axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_stddev_Y)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Y axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyGyro_stddev_Z)	|	Average of the mean of BodyGyro along the Z axis	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyAccMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyAccMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyAccJerkMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyGyroMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyGyroMag	|	Numeric
avg(fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_stddev_)	|	Average of the mean of BodyBodyGyroJerkMag	|	Numeric

### [1] Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a Multiclass Hardware-Friendly Support Vector Machine. International Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. Dec 2012
